## 2. [Open Source and Repo Setup](2_set_up_repo/readme.md) Reflection

* Explain how to create a repository on GitHub and clone the repository to your local computer to a non-technical person
* Describe what open source means
* What do you think about Open Source? Does it make you nervous or protective? Does it feel like utopia?
* Assess the importance of using licenses
* What concepts were solidified in the challenge? Did you have any "aha" moments? What did you struggle with?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.

<!-- Add your reflection here. Remove the comment markers -->
- To create a repository on Github, first log in to your account and click on the "+" button to create something new, from t-	To create a repository on Github, first log in to your account and click on the "+" button to create something new, from the drop down, choose "New Repository". At the top of the page you should see your username in the "Owner" box. If your name is not there, change it so you are the owner. Next to that box you create your repository name. You can have this be anything you like. For this instance, you should put "[USERNAME].github.io". Make sure the box "Public" is marked so others can see and edit the file. Also click the "Initialize... README" button to add a README file to your repo. Once finished click the "Create Repository" and you're all set!
-	 Next, go to your Github App and clone it to your computer. You do this by finding your username under "Github.com" and clicking on your name. From there, just click on the "Clone to your computer" button to clone it! Then you're all set!
-	Open source is communal coding. It is referred to programing languages which are usually free and can be modified by anyone to create or remove anything they wish. 
-	I feel open source is a great way to get feedback on projects as well as share them with developers much more talented than you. It is a way to contribute to the community and create one large “mind” instead of everyone having their personal code private. It can sometimes feel like a utopia since pretty much any question can be answered and any problem can be solved. It is immeasurable the amount of knowledge that can be contributed to open source coding. If I felt threatened that my code or project was going to be used by someone else for profit, or completely change the integrity of the program, I might keep it private. In those instances, I would be nervous to add it to open source. 
-	  Licensing is extremely important since it sets a precedent of how the open source community can interact with your code. Developers make their living off of their talent and the code they create. Choosing the right license is key to the value of your code. The best way to license is by using an open source license which give the programmer some credit on the original code while still allowing the public to manipulate it. 
-	Cloning project in git was a topic I didn’t understand until I put it into practice. I literally had an “aha” moment once I set up the Git App on my laptop and cloned it. It’s simple but it’s something I would not have understood without following the steps. I also read a nice breakdown of why to clone here: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/18804802/why-do-i-have-to-clone-an-existing-git-repository-to-access-it
I am struggling a bit with understanding each license and which would be best for me. I am sure I will learn more and really understand which is best for my program once I have a project to push into github. 

